# Expanded-Publication
## Brief
The starting point of this task is the following article: “In Free Fall: A Thought Experiment on Vertical Perspective”, by Hito Steyerl. The staff team proposes this post-digital article as a diagnosis for the current state of our online in-isolation physical/virtual selves. A state which lacks any of our original stability and in which usual daily rhythms and routines have been replaced by the internet 24/7, free content, self-help, motivational messages, and 'status updates. The interpretation of the article leads to the development of a virtual publication and design, a published digital outcome that engages with context and ideas. The focus is on articulating and communicating an experimental approach to narrative and publication through the exploration of editorial for the screen, typography, image, layout, interaction, and context.
## Concept
If an AI generates a piece of art, the artist is the person who created the code, the artificial intelligence, or the person who gave the order? 
We now live in a world where AI technologies make life easier in many areas, ranging from contacting patients in need to hospitals, autonomous cars that can react faster to hazards, neural networks that recognize images, scanners that can identify cancers and diseases, and many others. These machines are able to learn and perform human-like tasks including creating art and, in this project, we will mixture technology and art in order to represent the advancement of AI, how we are able to work with these new tools, and the philosophical questions that they raise.
